Kankurang is an initiatory rite
practiced in the Mandingo provinces
Senegal and the Gambia
to casamance and in the city of mou
this ritual that has spread to other
communities and groups in the eastern region
the opportunity for circumcised young people
to learn the rules of behavior
that guarantee group cohesion
and secrets of plants and their
medicinal properties or techniques of
hunt
m
according to tradition the current camp he
would come from the komo a secret society
hunters whose organization and
esoteric practices have contributed to
the emergence of mandates the ang contest
is both the guarantor of order and
justice and the exorcist of the bad
not as such he ensures the
transmission and teaching of a
complex set of know-how and
practices that constitute the foundation
of the cultural identity mandard the
central character of kankourang is a
insider who wears a mask makes
Corsican and red fibers of a tree
called headlights dressed in leaves and
his body is painted with vegetable dye
he is associated with the ceremonies of
circumcision and initiatory rites
his appearance and marked by a series
of ritual steps the designation of
initiate him who will wear the mask and his
investiture by the old ones it enters
is in the forest with insiders
awakened procession in the hamlet of
new insiders
these rites usually take place between
the months of August and September of
kankourang parade always surrounded
former initiates and villagers who
respectfully follow his actions
and the companion of their fields and in
his appearances are punctuated by a
jerky dance that he performs while wielding
two strokes and shouting
strident his followers armed with sticks
and leaves to trim the
cadence of their refrains and mta